README.md, before:

# Modular RTS Game Server

An open-source, modular real-time strategy (RTS) game server built in Go. This project is designed to be fully data-driven, allowing different game mechanics to be defined using structured rulesets in JSON format. The server is built incrementally, starting with basic city-building mechanics, and expanding to include colonization, trade, combat, and diplomacy.

## Features

- 🚀 **Modular Ruleset** – *(Planned)* - Define game mechanics using a structured configuration file.
- 🏙 **City Building** – *(Planned)* - Establish cities and manage resources.
- 🌍 **Map-Based Gameplay** – *(Planned)* - Supports a tile-based world.
- 🤝 **Trade & Economy** *(Planned)* – Exchange resources between players.
- ⚔ **Combat & Warfare** *(Planned)* – Engage in battles and strategic conquests.
- 🔄 **Incremental Development** – Built in stages to ensure flexibility.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed:

- [Go](https://go.dev/dl/) (1.23+ recommended)
- Git

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/trigoczki/open-rts
   cd open-rts
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```sh
   go mod tidy  
   ```

3. Run the server:

   ```sh
   go run open_rts.go
   ```

Commit message:

docs: Update README with ruleset documentation section
- Add section explaining the flexible ruleset system
- Reference new RULE_SET.md documentation
- Highlight the ability to customize game mechanics via JSON configuration

README.md, after:

# Modular RTS Game Server

An open-source, modular real-time strategy (RTS) game server built in Go. This project is designed to be fully data-driven, allowing different game mechanics to be defined using structured rulesets in JSON format. The server is built incrementally, starting with basic city-building mechanics, and expanding to include colonization, trade, combat, and diplomacy.

## Game Rulesets

The game uses a flexible ruleset system that defines all game mechanics and behaviors through JSON configuration files. Buildings, resources, and other game elements can be customized by modifying these rulesets without changing the core game code. For detailed information about the ruleset structure and configuration options, see the [Ruleset Documentation](RULE_SET.md).

## Features

- 🚀 **Modular Ruleset** – *(Planned)* - Define game mechanics using a structured configuration file.
- 🏙 **City Building** – *(Planned)* - Establish cities and manage resources.
- 🌍 **Map-Based Gameplay** – *(Planned)* - Supports a tile-based world.
- 🤝 **Trade & Economy** *(Planned)* – Exchange resources between players.
- ⚔ **Combat & Warfare** *(Planned)* – Engage in battles and strategic conquests.
- 🔄 **Incremental Development** – Built in stages to ensure flexibility.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed:

- [Go](https://go.dev/dl/) (1.23+ recommended)
- Git

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/trigoczki/open-rts
   cd open-rts
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```sh
   go mod tidy  
   ```

3. Run the server:

   ```sh
   go run open_rts.go
   ```
